Who is he? That's impossible.
I can admit my mistake
Can Lord Suzaku admit his mistake?
He is the Suzaku god of war
Who said adults
It used to be the four major families behind the scenes
We can't help it either.
Lord rich
Forgive me, Master, forgive me.
Excuse me, who just said that my limbs were too short?
Hand it over to the little guy
Forgive me. Forgive me.
It's time for the media
Where is the mayor of Yandu?
All the assets of these companies are being confiscated
Removed from Yandu
If there is a person of good moral character among the younger generation of the family
Can be sent to the frontier for effect
The rest wait
All enter the ship class
Master Yong's Mortal
Civilized Lord Chen Ru
Forgive me, won't we intercede for us?
Let go of a monk road?
Research City Lord
If you guess correctly
You have talked a lot about Shen Jiahao pigs over the years, right?
God Calculation One Car Method
How many years have you been in power?
There are no other nations
This recipe
But if there is a next time
Thank God for being handsome and not killing. Let me go
go back
Take the sun and the moon between the mountains and rivers
The true God returns today